Scripts to delete odc product (#20)
opendatacube/datacube-dataset-config: README.md

# GDAL3
Please note - we are aware that using these scripts with GDAL 3.0+ can cause Latitudes and Longitudes to become transposed. When using these scripts, please use a python environment with an earlier version of GDAL.

# odc-product-delete (In beta)
SQL scripts to delete ODC products and related records in ODC, Explorer and OWS DB. Each script takes product_name as an input parameter.

> Usage:

Reviewer: Let's make it explicit how you actually run the three scripts together. How is it expected to be used?

```
psql -v product_name=<product-to-delete> -f <scriptname.sql> -h <database-hostname> <dbname>
```

- `delete_odc_product.sql` 

>     - This script will delete ODC product from ODC DB. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This script will delete a product and all datasets from an ODC DB. 
```

    - It deletes records from tables `agdc.dataset_source`, `agdc.dataset_location`, `agdc.dataset` and `agdc.dataset_type`.
    - It also deletes indexes and view related to the ODC product.
    
- `delete_odc_product_explorer.sql` 

>     - This script will delete records related to ODC product from Explorer DB. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This script will delete records related an ODC product from the Explorer schema in the ODC DB. 
```

# GDAL3
Please note - we are aware that using these scripts with GDAL 3.0+ can cause Latitudes and Longitudes to become transposed. When using these scripts, please use a python environment with an earlier version of GDAL.

# odc-product-delete (In beta)
SQL scripts to delete ODC products and related records in ODC, Explorer and OWS DB. Each script takes product_name as an input parameter.

Usage:
```
psql -v product_name=<product-to-delete> -f <scriptname.sql> -h <database-hostname> <dbname>
```

- `delete_odc_product.sql` 
    - This script will delete a product and all datasets from an ODC DB. 
    - It deletes records from tables `agdc.dataset_source`, `agdc.dataset_location`, `agdc.dataset` and `agdc.dataset_type`.

>     - It also deletes indexes and view related to the ODC product.

Reviewer: Hey @jeremyh are indexes and views consistent across metadata types?

Reviewer 2: Yep. They're built based on the metadata type, so products with the same md-type will have the same index+view implementations. But they're created separately for each per-product, so deleting them is still correct. If that's what you're asking.

Reviewer: I was just a little uncertain if some products will have views/indexes that are named differently.
